in my app ,we can use google map and weather api_- here we can get the informations of what natural disasters happen here normally.like dangerity about the specific place or how dangerous is this place for resident or travelling.so if we know about the history of place ,we shall take care of it.for implementaion initialy ,we manualy type the place name ,then we get the disaters happened there or history of disasters at that place or we can rank that place in dangerity ,how dangerous is this place.further implementaion we can do this by google map and then find the dangerity of area.like whether is it earthquake,volcano,avalance effected place or not.from all without internet.from net ,from current location we also get the info of dangerity of place. from wheather api ,forcasting of heavy rain ,or selfaleart on abnormal condion accondion of weather according the location. we can manually make the emergency family number,where from 1click all persons will get the safety messege.we can set the general messege manually ,messege will we sent without internet.or it may be voice messege. join the community_ requires internet it is like a group of facebook where people can share their problems ,offer their service etc.helpful after disaster happened.they can post some treatment or helpful post.people can help each other .we can implement it further. instructions_ all about the natural disasters ,after selection of disaster name we get everything about disasterslike earthquake ,tsunami,flood etc. here we can suggest precautions ,preparation,general First aids ,treatment etc.we can include man made disasters also like accidents,fire,drawning etc and then their treatment.knowledge can save many lives.these will be without internet. other widgets like HELPline numbers,some IMPORTANT numbers . TRANSLATER is very helpful in WILDER area. SUMMARY: 1.use of Google map for dangerity and wheather api,messeging without interet 2.join the community 3.iNSTRUCTIONs and history of disaster at specific place 4.General disease cure,HelpLine numbers,TRAnslator
our Idea was to give dangerity rank about the specific place or how dangerous is this place for resident or travelling On the Basis of Its History.
But for implementaion use of Google map for dangerity and wheather api for Wheather Predictions.messeging with single click  Giving Instructions and history of disaster at specific place.Provide Information about General Disaster disease cure And some Important HelpLine numbers.
